Hey guys , here's the dark one and in the video
not only for you my character
This bike is so delicious
I love one of them so now you have to
elektro principle is 100%
the engine picking up the improvement at its level
four explosives
Our hotel from the start but I
I swear I do not know for serving
explosives but I know that on departure
then you do not like to put lights on
phenom
It is logical that you already have a
neurotic black
then I see the best transmission that
that of racing made it clear
I'll put the deal on that show later.
that she has
nitro and I'm going to leave soon
show you leave you hear the
sound but the main thing is to put a
frosted like a little car so I
put the torino that I put more
car even than frosted is very
a bigger red tourism on this bike
Here're the red side more races
red and the chrome
strange now yes I'll put the
black matte
Let's see how it goes in the car .
local secretary francisco bosco negro
it's nice
let's see is put the black on white the
badge did not give me, I already put it
missing two wheels, not wheel type
I already know the hair I 'm going to put
This one is better put here if
reads everything is that name
now part to run rear chain
rear chrome to ilê're just that
customize an end on the line of the
wheel cord of ours was show this
bike so nothing was on the side on the plate
hot red smoke
Now get out of here to show you.
At night still pay leave the bike you
Do you want the night to always look prettier?
luzia house will show you here
now the sound of it and youtube then already
return
So that's it folks this was the video of
today but still wanted to give a warning to
You guys are going to have a video this Sunday.
extra that is of the martyr
We heard your look on the radio or in March.
jonas in fear in the junk there when
We see it in the right place.
It happened what you will see in the video is
then is it guys if liked
let the favorite jewelry was in the channel
If you want to see more videos and that's it
thanks bye
ae